Hey everybody. This is Jimmy with bright insight. All right guys,
look at these photos. No,
you were not showing these photos when you were growing up in school and neither
was I, and by the way, no,
they're not showing these types of photographs in the textbooks that our
children are actively being taught today in the public school system,
as well as people at the university, the level. Now,
what you're seeing here are various stone structures carved out of rose granite,
as well as bass salt. Now, just to put this in perspective,
these types of stone materials cannot be cut and carved with the
materials that we know that the diagnostic Egyptians had. For example,
you need steel to cut these types of stone material.
And later in the presentation,
I'm gonna show you what's called the moose scale of hardness.
That basically details the hardness of level of different types of stones.
So for example, rose granite, which you're seeing here is a seven outta 10.
You need steel to cut that basalt is approximately a six and a half.
There is no way that the diagnostic Egyptians were able to cut and carve
these types of materials, utilizing the bronze chisels that they,
we know that they had, or the do right hammers,
that we also know that they were using. So those mat, I mean,
and besides that fact look at the precision. Now,
if you were to use a bronze chisel on these types of materials,
it would be like the equivalent of trying to, uh,
shape and cut wood with wood. It's just not gonna work.
And when you look at the incredible accuracy of these,
of these structures and the right angles, as well as the circular drill bits,
like how do you cut circles like that through solid stone through rows
granite? Do you know how hard that is? A seven outta 10 on the most scale?
I mean, guys,
you know how hard grant it is not knock on your countertops with your,
with your bare knuckles and let me know what that feels like.
And as you look through these photos,
you have definitive evidence that there is some sort of lost ancient high
technology or machining that was utilized to cut these stones.
There's no other way.
There's no a way that they were using stone hammers from do right
to make these types of cuts. It's just not possible.
And you could see the definitive evidence where there,
you could see the actual lines where the, the,
the steps and the recut surfaces and the angle cuts of the sauce like, hello,
that's these are clearly saw. Hello.
Did they have that type of machine machinery back in, uh, the dynastic Egyptian,
uh, time? Uh, no, we know that they didn't guys, this is common sense.
The evidence is right in front of us,
and there is an active attempt to keep this under wraps. Because again,
they're not putting this, uh, type of information in textbooks,
but we now have hundreds of geologists in stone masons throughout the world that
are doing active demonstrations.
And you can find these videos on YouTube by the way. And, and by the way,
real quick, special,
thanks to Google images and everyone that put these images on there,
cuz that's where I source these images. So thank you.
I'm utilizing them to help teach you guys things,
but there are people throughout the world, including John Anthony, west,
Robert shock, Brian Forrester, um, uh, Graham Hancock,
Randall Carson, and many others that are actively talking about this.
But you also have professional stone,
masons and geologists that are showing you videos, trying to recreate and, and,
and carve these types of stone structure out of what the dynastic
Egyptians have. And they're, they're laughing. They're saying it's not possible.
There's no way in what we're actively being told.
And we're taught and is still being taught in.
The education system does not account for how these types of structures were
made. And you can see it right here with your own eyes. I mean,
look at this like here's so here's photographs of, you know, the,
these types of these tools, which I showed you before.
How could they have done it? I mean, look at this stone box here, as an example,
look at the precision on this. And it's completely unexplainable.
Look at the circular drill holes. Look at these very unique, uh,
cuts and, and carved scoop marks, uh, in this rose granite solid rose bedrock,
granite. And I'll have another video on this regarding the OS,
cuz that's where these, these were taken from the Aswan Curry in Egypt.
But not to mention, I mean, look at these ginormous stone blocks,
not just precision on them, but look how enormous they are.
And we're talking 20, 30 tons on many of these.
So it's not just how could they cut and carve them or move them.
But how did they lift them? Do they have a crane? I mean,
there's many different theories on how this was done, but they do not stand up.
They get debunked in the, the theories that we were taught with, you know,
these leather robes and 20,000 slaves do not do not account
for the actual definitive evidence of that.
You can see here as well as drill, drill holes and not to mention these,
these circular, you know,
oval type shapes that you can see right here in front of you where these
concaves like, how do you, how could you get a bunch of stone, you know,
hammers and make that type of shape? How could you even do that with a chisel,
even with a steel chisel,
I would say that you would not be able to grind it to that type of degree
without some sort of advanced machinery look, guys,
the evidence is right in front of us. You decide again, I'm Jimmy,
this is bright inside. If you like what I have to say, I can subscribe.
I have many more videos for you enjoy and many more to come,
help me spread the message. Be blessed, all.